.TH vzmigrate 8 "March 2019" "@PRODUCT_NAME_SHORT@"

.SH NAME
vzmigrate \- utility for container migration between hardware nodes.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
.B vzmigrate
.RB [ -r\ yes|no ]
.RB [ -sfvh ]
.RB [ --keeper\fR[=\fIveid\fR]
.RB [ --ssh\fR=\fIssh_options\fR]
.RB [ --keep-dst ]
.RB [ --keep-images ]
.RB [ --online ]
.RB [ --noiter ]
.RB [ --readonly ]
.RB [ --require-realtime ]
.RB [ --dry-run ]
.RB [ --new-id\fR=\fICTID\fR]
.RB [ --new-name\fR=\fICT_name\fR]
.RB [ --new-private\fR=\fICT_private\fR]
.RB [ --new-root\fR=\fICT_root\fR]
.RB [ --nonsharedfs ]
.RB [ --whole-file ]
.RB [ --timeout\ \fIvalue\fR]
.RB [ \fIuser\fB@\fR]\fIdst_node\fR
.RI { CT_list }
.TP
{\fICT_list\fR} := \fIsource_CTID\fR[\fB:\fIdst_CTID\fR[\fB:\fIdst_CT_private\fR[\fB:\fIdst_CT_root\fR]]] [...]
without --new-id, --new-name, --new-private, --new-root option(s), or
.TP
\fI{CT\ List}\fR := \fIsource_CTID\fR
otherwise.

.SH DESCRIPTION
This utility is used for CT(s) migrating from one (source)
node to another (destination) node. The list of containers to migrate
is specified by the \fICT_list\fR. A different
.I dst_CTID
can be specfied if you want to change CT ID during migration; in addition,
.I dst_CT_private
and
.I dst_CT_root
paths can also be changed.

Either stopped or running CT can be migrated. For a stopped CT, simple
CT private area transfer is performed (by means of
.BR rsync (1),
unless shared storage is set up).
For running CTs, the migration may be slow (with a minute or more
of downtime), fast (seconds of downtime) or online (zero downtime).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -s ,\  --nostart
Do not attempt to restore CT state (start/mount CT) after successful
migration on destination node, when it was running/mounted on source
node. It means that CT should be started/mounted manually on the
destination node. Option doesn't affect CT that was stopped at the
migration time.

.TP
.BR -r ,\  --remove-area \  yes\fR|\fBno
Whether to remove private area on source node for successfully migrated
CT. Private area will be saved with .migrated suffix.
This command line option overrides the \fBREMOVEMIGRATED\fP
configuration parameter in global configuration file
.BR vz (5).

.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--nodeps\fR[\fB=\fIopt\fR,\fIopt\fR...]
Skip some or all checks on the destination node before performing migration.
The argument is comma-separated set of checks to skip.
The following checks can be skipped:
.RS
.TP
.B all
all checks (this is the default if \fIopt\fR is not provided)
.TP
.B cpu_check
cpu capabilities
.TP
.B disk_space
required free disk space
.TP
.B technologies
technologies used
.TP
.B license
license
.TP
.B rate
container's RATE configuration parameters
.TP
.B bindmount
container's external bind mounts
.RE
.P
.RS
To prevent CT from filesystem errors due to absent template
files, it will not be started on the destination node after migration,
and has to be started manually.
.RE

.TP
.BR -h ,\  --help
Get usage info.

.TP
.BR --ssh = \fIssh_options
Additional options that will be passed to ssh during establishing
connection with destination node. Please be careful with these,
make sure to NOT pass the destination hostname.

.TP
.BR --keeper =[ \fIveid\fR]
Keeper CT identification. The service CT ID is used if not
specified. Keeper CT is needed to keep CT IP addresses during
migration (it is used to e.g. show web page that CT is being migrated).

.TP
.B --keep-dst
Don't clean synced destination CT private area in case of some
error. It is usefull to use this option on big CT migration to protect
of syncing CT private area again in case of some error (on CT stop for
example) occured during first migration attempt.

.TP
.B --keep-images
Don't remove c/r images after a successful migration.

.TP
.B --online
Perform online (zero-downtime) migration: during the migration the CT
hangs for a while and after the migration it continues working as though nothing has
happened. Options
.B --keeper and
.B --nostart
are ignored if this option is set.
By default iterative scheme is used for online migration, that is most of the CT
memory are transfered before CT suspend. This method introduces the smallest
delay in service.

.TP
.B --noiter
Do not use iterative scheme during online migration.

.TP
.B --readonly
Allows to skip locking the source container and writing any migration-related information to the source server. Use the option if the source server's filesystem is remounted as readonly (e.g., due to corruption).

.TP
.B --require-realtime
Force to use only realtime scheme for online migration. Migration fails if this
method is not available for some reason. It is useful to ensure that delay in
service will be minimal.

.TP
.B --dry-run
Option that will perform only checks and will not perform actual data transfer.

.TP
.BR --new-id = \fICTID\fR
Set destination container ID.

.TP
.BR --new-name = \fICT_name\fR
Set destination container name (i.e. rename the container while migrating).

.TP
.BR --new-private = \fICT_private\fR
Set destination CT private.

.TP
.B --new-root = \fICT_root\fR
Set destination CT root.

.TP
.B --nonsharedfs\fP
Force migrate of CT private from a shared partition to non-shared.

.TP
.BR -W ,\  --whole-file
Use rsync's
.B --whole-file
option.

.TP
.BR -t ,\ --timeout \ \fIvalue\fR
Set connection timeout, in seconds.

.TP
.B --compress
Enable ZSTD channel compression.

.TP
.BR -v ,\  --verbose
Be verbose.

.SH NOTES
If you want to "migrate" CT within the same hardware node, you
use
.BR vzmlocal(8)
instead.

You can set disk IO limits for migrating Containers by configuring
the \fBVZ_TOOLS_BCID\fR and \fBVZ_TOOLS_IOLIMIT\fR parameters
in the global configuration file
.BR vz (5).

.SH EXAMPLES
To migrate CT#101 as CT#1001 to \fI192.168.1.130\fR by user "test":
.br
\f(CR	vzmigrate test@192.168.1.130 101:1001
\fR

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B 1
Bad command line options.
.TP
.B 2
System error.
.TP
.B 3
Can't lock CT.
.TP
.B 4
Can't connect to destination (source) node.
.TP
.B 5
CT is broken or improper.
.TP
.B 6
CT private area copying/moving failed.
.TP
.B 7
Can't start destination CT.
.TP
.B 8
Can't stop source CT.
.TP
.B 9
CT already exists on destination node.
.TP
.B 10
CT doesn't exist on source node.
.TP
.B 11
Failed package sets dependencies. Use -f options to forcedly migrate
such CT, CT will not be started on destination side.
.TP
.B 12
You attempt to migrate CT which IP addresses already in use (there
is running CT) on destination node. Use -f options to forcedly migrate
such CT, CT will not be started on destination side.
.TP
.B 13
You attempt to migrate CT that contains mount script. Use -f
options to forcedly migrate such CT, CT will not be started on
destination side.
.TP
.B 21
Connection to remote host is broken.
.TP
.B 22
Connection to remote host closed due to timeout.
.TP
.B 25
Programm terminated.
.TP
.B 26
Migrate protocol error.
.TP
.B 27
Failed to access template directory.
.TP
.B 29
Clone is forbidden for suspended CT.
.TP
.B 30
License check failed.
.TP
.B 31
Disk space check failed.
.TP
.B 32
Technologies check failed for destination node.
.TP
.B 33
Rate check filed.
.TP
.B 34
Source and destination CTs are equals.
.TP
.B 35
UUID-collision, directory already exits.
.TP
.B 36
CT config contains bind mount.
.TP
.B 37
This CT layout is not supported on destination node.
.TP
.B 38
This CT format is not supported on destination node.
.TP
.B 39
Can't get source CT format.
.TP
.B 40
Can't migrate vzcache2 area (old protocol).
.TP
.B 41
Can't migrate suspended CT (old protocol).
.TP
.B 43
libvzctl error.
.TP
.B 45
This name already used by other CT.
.TP
.B 46
CT private directory on the destination node resides on the
non-shared partition, use --nonsharedfs option to force copying
CT private data.
.TP
.B 48
Can not perform online migration to/from elder version.
.TP
.B 49
Too long message
.TP
.B 52
External program failed
.TP
.B 56
Insufficient cpu capabilities on destination node
.TP
.B 57
CT has unsupported features
.TP
.B 61
The IPv6 module is not loaded on the destination node.
.TP
.B 62
The SLM module is not loaded on the destination node.
.TP
.B 63
Mounting namespaces in the container is not allowed by the destination node kernel.
.TP
.B 73
Can not perform online migration via p.haul.
.TP
.B 74
Can not perform migration for container with attached backup.
.TP
.B 104
--dry-run option was used.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rsync (1),
.BR vzmsrc (8),
.BR vzmlocal (8),
.BR vz (5)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2001-2017, Parallels International GmbH. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Virtuozzo International GmbH. All rights reserved.
