.TH vzmlocal 8 "October 2009" "@PRODUCT_NAME_SHORT@"

.SH NAME
vzmlocal - utility for local moving/copying Containers
within the bounds of one hardware node.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
.B vzmlocal [-fh] [--online] \fI{CT\ List}\fP
.TP
\fI{CT\ List} = <source\ CT\ ID>[:[<dst\ CTID>][:[<dstCT\ private>][:<dstCT\
root>]]] [...]\fP
.TP
.B vzmlocal [-fh] [--online] -C \fI{CT\ List}\fP
.TP
\fI{CT\ List} = <source\ CT\ ID>:<dst\ CTID>[:[<dstCT\ private>][:<dstCT\
root>]] [...]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
This utility is used for CT(s) local moving/copying within the bounds
of one hardware node.
.TP
\fI{CT\ List}\fP - List of CTs for moving/copying.

.SH OPTIONS
By default utility works in moving CT(s) mode.
.TP
\fB\-C, --copy\fP
Do CT(s) copying not moving.

.TP
\fB\-f, --nodeps\fR\fI[=[all][,cpu_check][,disk_space][,technologies][,license][,rate]]\fP
Ignore an absence of required package sets on destination node.
To prevent CT against errors in filesystem due to absent template
files, it will not be started on destination node after migration and
must be started manually.
.br
Additional parameters:
.br
\fIall\fR - as is -f.
.br
\fIcpu_check\fR - to pass check of the cpu capabilities.
.br
\fIdisk_space\fR - to pass check of the disk usage.
.br
\fItechnologies\fR - to pass check of the used technologies.
.br
\fIlicense\fR - to pass check of the license.
.br
\fIrate\fR - to pass check of the RATE config parameters.
.br
\fIbindmount\fR - to pass check of the external bind mounts in config.

.TP
\fB\--online\fP
Copy the main content of a running Container to a clone before suspending the Container.
Using this option, you can reduce the Container downtime to a minimum,
making it almost unnoticeable to end users.

.TP
\fB\-h, --help\fP
Get usage info.

.SH MOVING/COPYING
Utility may copying/moving either stopped or running CT.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# vzmlocal -C 200:201
Clone CT 200.  New CT will be numbered 201.  Disposition of its private and root areas will be autogenerated.

.TP
# vzmlocal -C 200:202::/mnt/root202
Clone CT 200.  New CT will be numbered 202 and its root area will reside under /mnt/root202

.TP
# vzmlocal 300:301:/sda2/private/build_server
Renumber CT 300 to 301 and move its private area under /sda2/private/build_server

.TP
# vzmlocal 301:::/mnt/root/build_server
Move root area of CT 301 under /mnt/root/build_server

.SH EXIT STATUS
See \fBvzmigrate (8)\fP

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rsync (1),
.BR vzmsrc (8),
.BR vzmigrate (8),
.BR vz (5)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2001-2017, Parallels International GmbH. All rights reserved.
