.TH vzmtemplate 8 "October 2009" "@PRODUCT_NAME_SHORT@"

.SH NAME
vzmtemplate - utility for migration @PRODUCT_NAME_SHORT@ templates between
nodes.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
.B vzmtemplate [-bh] [--ssh=<ssh_options>]
\fI<[user@]destination_node_address>\fP \fItemplate ...\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
This utility is used for ez template(s) migrating from one (source)
node to another (destination) node. It requires that you have root@
access on destination node. Unlike \fBvzmigrate\fP, \fBvzmtemplate\fP
doesn't remove template from source node.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b, --batch\fP
Run in batch mode to facilitate utility output analyzing by calling
script.

.TP
\fB\-h, --help\fP
Get usage info.

.TP
\fB\--ssh=<ssh options>\fP
Additional options that will be passed ssh during establishing
connection with destination node. Please be carefully with passed
options, DON'T pass destination hostname.

.SH MIGRATION
Utility can migrate either application or OS templates. Migration OS
template also migrate tarballs of this templates. Now utility migrates
template at whole (all base versions & updates).

.SH EXAMPLES
To migrate ez os-template centos-4-x86 to \fI192.168.1.130\fR:
.br
\f(CR	vzmtemplate 192.168.1.130 centos-4-x86
\fR
.br
To migrate ez app-template mod_ssl for centos-4-x86 to \fI192.168.1.130\fR:
.br
\f(CR	vzmtemplate 192.168.1.130 mod_ssl@centos-4-x86
\fR

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0 EXIT_OK
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B 1 EXIT_USAGE
Bad command line options.
.TP
.B 2 EXIT_SYSTEM
System error.
.TP
.B 3 EXIT_LOCK
Can't lock template.
.TP
.B 4 EXIT_CONNECT
Can't connect to destination (source) node.
.TP
.B 6 EXIT_COPY
Template area copying failed.
.TP
.B 9 EXIT_EXISTS
Template with more last version already exists on destination node.
.TP
.B 10 EXIT_NOTEXIST
Template doesn't exist on source node.
.TP
.B 14 EXIT_OBSOLETE
Functionality is no longer supported.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR vzmigrate (8)
.BR vz (5)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2001-2017, Parallels International GmbH. All rights reserved.
